(maint) Search plan subdirectories for plan filename (#1473)
puppetlabs/bolt: CHANGELOG.md

  Bolt will now lookup the default PuppetDB config at `%COMMON_APPDATA%\PuppetLabs\client-tools\puppetdb.conf` instead of the hardcoded path `C:\ProgramData\PuppetLabs\client-tools\puppetdb.conf`.

* **Bolt could not find plans in subdirectories of `plans` directory**

>   Bolt will now correctly search for subdir paths under the `plans` directory for plan names when determining if the plan is a Puppet plan or yaml plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Bolt now searches for subdir paths, under the `plans` directory, for plan names when determining if the plan is a Puppet plan or YAML plan.
```
